managed to re-elect governor of são paulo
to advance to the Italian final
good thing public rivers
I do not know if you know that
but when leaving the big field in the southern thicket
In case of emergency
then you will see
in the big field
the acronym in English but the translation of English
what to do
that game
for the next three things that can not miss any paulo
first thing is a good bet even so it was who sent
was abandoned
based on the category of 75 and such
I'm definitely not going to be able to sleep
costa pina
the reason why one can count
- will be a legacy for the entire population
will not be more and more active
grow more with society
which stands out the nuclear program are two rivals affirmed
may be missing
- the Basque
christmas with woman
his other wife ana paula rubira signed with senai
single case
no matter the hair color without stealing the service so women
heterosexual
tsc tsc but i will demonstrate
unconscious
at the end of december
The England's
between them in our minds
Behold, it comes to us, if they will find a husband
today 6
add england
but it would be a mistake
if his technique
the crisis arrived here but I know that there in the middle of this good and evil care
but did she or did not